Quiet Yan, please marry me.
Get up quickly
If you don't accept it
I can't get up
So many people watching
You are exaggerating
Get up quickly
This is what I carefully chose for you
Don't talk to him
Take it, take it
He's been kneeling for a long time
Do girls like a sense of ceremony?
Would be moved by such exaggerated behavior
I answer you yes as a master of love
Brother, if you don't say it again
Madam is about to be chased away
Take it, take it
He's been kneeling for a long time
Take it, it's sincere
Yeah, he's been kneeling for a long time
Sincerely
If you don't accept it
How embarrassing it is for so many people to look at me
Okay, take it, take it
My mother was burned to death in a car
And his mother still means burning herself
Such a miserable night
I couldn't escape for more than 20 years
Why do I still remember the past?
What about going back?
You just don't want to let the past experience
Cause secondary damage to sister-in-law
This is true love.